Previously on Power...
I fucking hate my dad.
He's a fucking liar.
Kanan kidnapped Tariq.
Kanan's a bad man.
He murdered his own son.
Shawn said he was in
jail for a long time.
Is that why he was mad at you?
You and Tommy just
riding around with Kanan.
like this ain't his fault?
Your son is fucked up because of Kanan.
Our son almost died because of Dre.
I'm ready to become my own
man. Ready to be a hustler.
Just like you.
If you fuck with me. you
better kill me. nigga.
Because I swear to God. you best believe
I will get you back.
- Where is the tape now. Joe?
- It's destroyed.
You do what I fucking
say! That's my shit!
My organization!
I need you to take out Jason Micic.
I'll do it for you if
you do something for me.
Diego Jimenez.
I took care of business.
We need to bounce now.
A hitter from the Jimenez
is on his way over.
There's only one way out of this.
The murder weapon? You
told me it was gone.
I'm going to turn myself in.
If anybody's going down
for my family. it's me.
- Synced and corrected by VitoSilans -
-- www.Addic7ed.com --
No one is turning themselves in.
It's an emotional decision.
not a rational one.
I've already made the decision. okay?
Mr. St. Patrick. why did
you kill Raymond Jones?
Because he killed my daughter.
What was your pre-existing
relationship to the deceased?
- I didn't have one.
- Then how did you find him
the night you say you killed him?
I followed him.
But how did you know where to
find him in the first place?
Tell me. Mr. St.
Patrick. how do you know
Raymond Jones killed your daughter?
Was there a witness?
Uh. if you give me a fucking minute.
I can give you these answers.
The police aren't going to give
you a fucking minute. Ghost.
Why would Detective
Jones kill your daughter?
And. Mr. St. Patrick. if you
are so sure Detective Jones
is responsible for
your daughter's death.
why wouldn't you come to the police?
Why would you take the
law into your own hands?
There is not one lie.
there's not a hundred lies good enough
to satisfy any of those questions.
The road will lead back to Tasha. to me.
and then it will lead to Tariq.
We have to come up
with a better solution.
Fuck.
Andre Coleman.
You want to frame Dre?
What's he got to do with
Tariq and Raymond Jones?
He introduced them.
All of the trouble that
Tariq is in is because of Dre.
Can you prove the connection?
Do you even know whether
or not he has an alibi?
I got it. Angela. okay?
I just need to talk to a few people.
Tasha. I'm going to
need that gun soon. okay?
So please keep it in a safe place.
You guys can catch me on the cell.
Framing someone is the right idea.
but not Dre.
If not Coleman. then who?
You know the name Kanan Stark?
Terry Silver's gone. in the wind.
- He dodged the subpoena?
- Hard to say.
His office says leave of absence.
but his apartment's
empty. furniture gone.
Damn. must have skipped
town in a U-Haul.
It sounds like someone
has something to hide.
Which means there's something wrong
with Tasha St. Patrick's story
about her supposedly stolen gun.
The subpoenas to LaKeisha Grant
and others are still going out.
He can't hide everyone.
Our indictment on James
St. Patrick is imminent.
with or without Silver.
Thanks for chasing Silver. Blanca.
Yeah.
After you.
- What have you got?
- I ain't got jack shit.
There's no surveillance
footage at the time Tony Teresi
said James St. Patrick
killed Marshal Williams.
Cameras just happened to be down.
I guess we're out of luck here.
Except Teresi is a witness.
Yes. but we don't want to burn
him on this unless we have to.
Proctor doesn't know that.
He just got his license back.
I bet he'd like to keep it.
See if you can squeeze him for
information on Williams' death.
And be careful. We share
an office with Valdes.
Make sure she doesn't
find out what we're doing.
She is the last piece of this puzzle.
So how'd it go down?
Diego. done. but your
boy. Ghost. never showed.
The other boy. Kanan. did.
Okay. did you shoot him?
- No.
- Why?
Because that ain't what
you told me to do. remember?
I do shit your way and your way only.
Like. you said kill Ghost. you
ain't say nothing about Kanan.
Motherfucker. got that right.
Why the fuck you ain't call me. man?
Because you ain't tell me to.
All right.
Ghost and Kanan are working together.
and Ghost must have sent
Kanan to do his dirty work.
But when y'all niggas get
another clean shot. take it.
Shit. if I would have known.
I could have popped him right there.
We had him dead in our sights. Oh. shit.
Damn. Chris. you looking casket sharp.
You got an arraignment or some shit?
Not that it's your fucking business.
but we got clubs to
set up. Let's do this.
Hey. so. uh. let me.
um. talk to y'all later.
When we meet with Quinn. you
call me Mr. Coleman. all right?
- You're kidding. right?
- Do I look like I'm kidding?
You're the boss.
How the fuck did you
get the drop on Diego?
Last-minute opportunity.
we had to move fast.
- Without telling me?
- Just call Jason to buy us some time.
Yeah? What if he don't believe me?
Got the nigga's head if you want it.
It's on ice if you want it for proof.
Uh... yeah.
I got some shit to do.
I'll drop the head by later.
Okay.
Yo. Tommy. listen brother. I
need your help on something.
but Kanan can't know about it.
You always keeping secrets.
I'm trying to frame Dre
for Ray Ray's murder.
Dre? But we need him
to get to Alicia first.
I know. but Tommy. the cops
are fucking gaining on 'Riq.
So if we don't move fast.
and Tariq ends up in jail...
Okay. what we got to do?
Well. first of all. we
gotta link Dre to Ray Ray.
The day that Ray Ray got shot.
I told you that I saw him talking to Dre
out on the street. seemed like business.
But we got to prove it. so
I'll see what I can dig up.
Once we do that. we got to take Dre out.
I was expecting more enthusiasm.
Is that Jason. Jason?
Who the fuck else would it be?
Once we get Dre. we got
to move on Alicia fast.
Yo. Tommy. you roll with me somewhere?
I got to check out a spot.
Uh. congrats on getting
your license back.
You know. I would
have gotten you a cake.
but no one likes you.
Oh. yeah? I figured you couldn't
afford it on your
bullshit government salary.
Oh. hey. it's cousin Benny.
- Hey. go fuck yourself.
- Keep it moving.
Eh. catch up with him later. This way.
After you.
What was that about?
Just a chat with your cousin
about your social life.
I'm going to nail you
on that perjury charge.
It's not going to stick.
If not that. maybe this will.
Marshal Clyde Williams.
A little hard to recognize
the face. you know.
You put in a request
to have him transferred
out of the Manhattan
Correctional Center.
Yeah. that guy. oh.
He had a history of
complaints against him.
He's a bad motherfucker.
Jeez. someone got to him. huh?
St. Patrick murdered him the
day before he was released.
James. Come on.
He's a numbers guy. He runs a business.
Hey. you know. unless you
start cooperating with us.
we're going to charge you
as a conspirator. Proctor.
The consigliere of James St. Patrick's
criminal organization.
Consigliere?
Eh. you guys watch too many movies.
You've been instrumental
in every move he's made.
You're like a-a little shadow
everywhere St. Patrick goes.
For instance. you knew your boss
had a problem with Williams.
And with his tendency to kill
people he has a problem with.
you tried to transfer the problem away.
- Speculation.
- You were the last person
- to see Bailey Markham.
- Conjecture.
And you represented both Thomas
Egan and James St. Patrick.
Which proves absolutely nothing.
Your fingerprints are
on everything. Joe.
It's just a matter of time.
Okay. for this to even begin to stick.
you have to prove that James
St. Patrick killed Williams
the night before he got out.
Now. why would he do
that and risk everything?
It makes no sense.
We have a witness to the murder.
Ball's in your court. player.
This right here is a pound of weed.
That's a kilo of coke.
Kids at my school love this shit.
How much is it worth?
That's Xanax.
There's a thousand bars in the pack.
I get each pack for a thousand.
It's worth like five
dollars on the street.
But if you serving them rich
white boys up at your school.
you can get them off for like
10. 15 with resort pricing.
Damn. that's almost $15.000.
I looked up my school tuition.
I could pay that with five re-ups.
Not quite. because
every package you move.
you bring me back 11 Gs.
Don't get greedy. young
bull. That shit add up quick.
Patience.
Yeah. that still is a lot.
I want to start moving now. though.
What the fuck? You got a plan on
how you going to move this shit?
Where you going to hide the cash?
You don't ever want
to get caught slipping
with both of them in the same place.
What class did you take in school?
Biology. philosophy. economics.
pre-calc. Italian. and history.
That's what I thought.
they ain't teaching you
the shit that I'm doing.
Let's hold on your supply.
You got more to learn.
I got to recruit a few niggas.
I think you could learn a thing or two.
You coming or not?
Yeah.
Quinn. This is Diego Martinez.
He will be overseeing my
clubs while I'm out of town.
so I just wanted you two
to get to know each other.
Well. it's a good thing you hired him.
because you are going to
Paris sooner than expected.
I like the sound of that.
Diego. do you feel comfortable
taking over operations so quickly?
Yeah. yeah. Mr. Coleman
and I have known each other
for a long time.
I'm familiar with the way
he likes to run things.
And you have a background in
nightclubs and entertainment?
I grew up helping my cousins
run restaurants in Miami.
Shit. when I was 18.
I started promoting.
Been in nightclubs ever since.
Well. it seems like
we are in good hands.
So you can call me anytime.
Andre. my office will be
in touch about travel plans.
Okay...
That was. uh. a good touch
on that Miami story. man.
That was nice.
Why's that got to be a story?
Yeah. bring it in.
It's good to see you again. Kanan.
What's with the kid?
You got all your bodyguards.
I thought I should bring mine.
What can I do for you?
I know you've been down a supplier
since that shootout shit.
I want to be your next one.
I thought you worked for
Tommy. He send you here?
Tommy's out the game for a minute.
He had some issues with a former partner
who was like a brother
to him. Real sad shit.
Turns out. his boy. Ghost.
is who called the hit
that got your boy. Nicolas.
here popped in the leg.
Well. you're going to
take care of him. right?
Sorry to hear of these troubles.
I'm running my own game now.
Same product. better price.
Just with none of Tommy's drama.
That shit Tommy got you was good. right?
It's selling well. no complaints.
So what we waiting for?
What's that. 'Riq?
I asked if I could
trust you. He says I can.
Now I see why you brought the kid.
We're going to do this on a trial basis.
_
What are we getting
from just sitting here?
Shh.
They look like us.
Except Dre got Crustyballs in a suit.
Punk-ass pretty boy bitch motherfucker.
Why would he be bringing
Cristobal into the clubs?
Why would he do that?
Who the fuck cares?
Now we know where Dre's spot
is. we'll catch him here.
Now. I got a little family
dinner I got to get to.
You couldn't invite
a brother? Damn. man.
Oh. okay. I get it.
your other family. okay.
So you still drinking
Teresi's Kool-Aid. cool.
Look. since you got plans in your head.
but you don't like to share.
you let me know when
you ready to make a move.
I'ma walk from here.
What. is she here to
arrest you or something?
She's here to help.
Help who? Dad?
No.
Your dad is not involved in this.
He knows nothing about it.
It's just us.
I'm here to help your mom.
And to help you.
- I don't trust her.
- But I do.
When it comes to this. Come here.
I need information about Raymond Jones.
About who he was working with.
Anything you have will be helpful.
All right. well. he used to hang out
with this woman named Jukebox.
She was a dirty cop from D.C.
They ran licks together.
They used their uniforms
as a disguise. I guess.
How did you meet Jukebox?
Through a friend. Kanan.
Does Kanan know Raymond Jones?
Yeah. he knew him. but
they never kicked it.
Where's Jukebox now?
I believe she's dead.
Kanan killed her. right?
This is what you wanted
me to come home for?
Your mother tells me your friend. Kanan.
may have killed his son. Shawn Stark.
Do you know anything about that?
You're framing Kanan
like you and Ghost did
when I was a little kid.
Yes. he needs to take the rap.
You're working with her.
The woman that ruined our lives.
The woman that broke
our whole family apart.
The woman who arrested Ghost for
the one thing he didn't fucking do.
I knew Ghost was a traitor.
I thought maybe he made
you help him set up Kanan.
But you're no better.
You're a fucking backstabber. too.
You better listen to me. boy.
Catching the charge for Ray
Ray is the least Kanan deserves.
No matter what me and
your dad have done.
Kanan has done worse.
He killed Shawn. his own
son. Don't you forget that.
He was good to me.
Ain't nobody in the
goddamn history of the world
been better to you than me.
I'm your mother!
I could go to jail for this.
Tariq...
It's either me...
Or Kanan.
Find another way. Ma.
'Riq!
- Hey.
- Hello!
- You made it.
- How are you?
- Come on.
- Oh. wow.
- Right?
- Wow.
Welcome to my humble abode.
I told you. Hey. Tommy. Tommy.
- I got you this.
- It smells so good in here.
- It's wine.
- Doesn't it smell good?
- Mm-hmm.
- Ooh. Chianti.
Do you have a cook?
Hi. welcome.
Hey. this is Connie. and my dad.
- This is my girl. LaKeisha.
- It's nice to meet you both.
- Ah. hi.
- Nice to meet you.
- It's nice to meet you.
How you doing?
Oh. goodness. you're beautiful.
Thank you. You could use
some of your dad's charm.
Oh. you ain't even heard
him speak Italian yet.
How did that go. Dad?
Come on.
Oh. I don't know what half
of what I just ate was.
but it was delicious.
My compliments to the chef.
- Thank you.
- Wow.
Yo. Connie. I got to tell
you. you one smart woman.
Me and the old man. we
checked out an ambulance place.
- It was perfect.
- Mm. good. good.
I'm happy to have helped
you in your. um. search.
Oh. no. no. no. no. It's all good.
I don't keep nothing from 'Keisha.
Really? You trust her that much?
I do.
That's easy to say now.
But wait until they've locked
her in a box for two days.
See if you feel the same way then.
Well. it wouldn't be the first time.
Yeah. we've been through
some shit together already.
'Keisha ride or die.
I don't know what the
fuck you're saying.
I don't mean to be rude.
but men like these.
it's more hard than easy.
They took Tony away for 25 years.
I thought he'd never come back.
Right now. we're lucky.
We're living on borrowed time.
You know what?
- You never let me down.
- No.
Because I love you.
You dumb palooka.
Well. we've been through some shit. too.
I thought we was through. but then Tommy
came back into my life.
and I really feel like
he has my back this time.
Yeah.
I'm in for whatever.
That's hard to find in a
man. so when you find it.
you don't let it go.
Well. in that case. welcome
to the family. 'Keisha.
- Salud.
Salud.
Andre Coleman.
And LaVerne Ganner. Kanan's cousin.
I thought you took the day off.
I didn't.
So. how's my recommendation
coming along... boss?
How's your independent investigation
into Tommy Egan coming along. John?
- So you know.
- I know.
And I want to know what
you're keeping from me.
Don't we all want to
get the bad guys here?
Cute.
Way to play the white hat.
This is Saxe. huh?
Don't get caught up
in his vendetta. John.
It predates you. it predates Greg.
Saxe has always been out
to get me and never won.
You're really going to
give up a corner office
with an entire team who
answers to you in D.C.
for Cooper Saxe?
I can't wait to get as far away
from this office as possible.
We got a CI. some old
guy close to Tommy.
but nothing concrete yet.
- What's his name?
- Confidential informant.
It's Saxe's contact. and he's
playing it close to the vest.
So are you gonna call D.C. or what?
We got good news. Tash.
Angela got us surveillance of Dre
and Ray Ray in the street together.
which means they're officially linked.
Great.
So I just got to get
her a few more details
so she can make her full case.
and me and Tommy take care of Dre.
Would it be better to
maybe frame somebody
with a lower profile?
Dre's profile ain't as high as he acts.
I mean. somebody who's
completely off the radar.
No family. no friends. no job.
Somebody nobody would miss.
Sure. but I don't know
anybody else in Ray Ray's crew.
What about Kanan?
Kanan saved our son.
Dre put him in harm's way.
See. you don't want to target Kanan.
because it would mean
you would have to admit
that everything that's
happened is your fault.
The shooting at Truth. Killing Rolla.
Everything about Tariq. Raina's death.
It's your fault.
It's Dre.
What if your plan goes wrong. Ghost?
Tonight. oh. my God.
All right. all right.
- Tommy. Tommy.
- Why stop?
- Tonight meant so much to me.
- Yeah?
Yes.
They weren't too tough on you?
You know. sometimes. old folks.
they got a certain way
of looking at things.
No. I can handle it.
And you stuck up for me.
That's what matters.
What the fuck?
Who you got coming
over this late at night?
Tommy. ain't no nigga coming over here.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
- Let me answer the door.
- Go ahead.
Answer the door.
Fuck you want?
- Is LaKeisha Grant here?
- Who wants to know?
Yes. I'm here.
- You've been served.
- Wait. come here.
Better run. motherfucker.
- What the fuck?
- What is it?
A subpoena to appear in
front of a grand jury?
For what?
For the murder of Raymond Jones. NYPD.
Tommy. is this about Tasha's alibi?
The one she wanted me to
give for her and Tariq?
Yo. you said it wouldn't come to this.
I know.
And when I said that.
I thought it wouldn't.
So what am I supposed to do?
Lying to the police is one thing.
but lying in a courtroom. under oath?
Yo. they could send
you to jail for that.
You gave Tasha your word.
So that's what this is about.
You coming back into my life.
No. No way.
You know better than that.
I just don't want something
bad happening to the family
because you got scared.
I am scared.
And I got a goddamn right to be.
I know. and it's fucked up.
But I'll tell you this.
Tasha is smart. talk to her.
If we're gonna get out of this thing.
you got to do what she says.
And then. we ain't fucking
with her or Ghost anymore.
Hey. son. I got a question for you.
When you were running with Kanan.
you ever see Dre and Ray Ray together?
Yep. in your friend Breeze's apartment.
where you killed him.
Did Kanan tell you that?
You killed your own friend. Breeze.
For some territory? To
get ahead in the game?
Breeze was a bad dude.
He was gonna get us all killed.
You come here asking
me about Kanan. why?
You want to frame him again?
Tariq. I do what I need
to do to solve problems.
I'm not framing Kanan to solve
this one. I promise you that.
You're going to frame Dre. How though?
He wasn't there. how are you
going to prove he was there?
And then what if that doesn't work?
- Then Mom goes to jail?
- No. if that doesn't work.
then I turn myself in for Ray Ray.
Not your mother. I'm your father.
and your life is my responsibility.
Yeah. right. you'll just
find another way out.
You're my son. all right?
And what that means is I
would do anything for you.
Including sacrificing my life
to give you the future
I think you deserve.
You don't have to
believe it. but it's true.
So you're going to jail. not Ma?
Tariq. no one in this family is
going to jail if I can help it.
but yes. I'll take the rap. not Ma.
Tariq.
We need to talk.
20. 40. 60. 80. 100.
Yeah. yeah. I know how much it was.
How the fuck did you make that shot?
Yo. your game is on today.
I've been thinking about this shit.
How did you and Ghost get close enough
to Diego Jimenez to pull that trigger?
From what I can come up
with. Dre wanted Diego dead.
- Ghost made a deal.
- With Dre?
Why the fuck would he do that?
Why is not the question.
What you should be asking yourself is.
what's Dre's side of the deal?
Who's supposed to get dead? Me. you?
- What up. fellas?
- What's up. Ghost?
Tommy. I need to rap
with you for a minute.
K. you mind if we have the room?
You always send a motherfucker
out the room like a goddamn kid.
Like you forget who taught you
the game in the first place.
Yo. K. you ain't got to go.
I was headed out anyway.
Y'all play nice.
Later. K.
Did you know that
LaKeisha got a subpoena
to appear in front of a grand jury?
- Shit.
- You're goddamn right. shit.
She got to go under oath. and lie about
where 'Riq and Tasha were
the night Ray Ray got shot.
I think I got a plan. Tommy.
It'll keep 'Keisha and all of us safe.
Yeah. why don't that
make me feel better?
Look. when I was on the inside.
was Dre running product through Truth?
Because I did the books. Tommy.
He made too much money in there.
- Yeah. that's how we did it.
- We?
And you got an issue
with me keeping secrets?
Come on. Tommy. do you understand
how much you put at risk by doing that?
Yeah. I do. my life.
Milan kept us in it.
Petar said keep going.
- I didn't have a choice.
- Okay. Tommy.
I'll just use that. all right?
I'll say I fired Dre for
running drugs through the club.
Then he reached out to
his contact. Ray Ray.
to get revenge on me.
Of course. we've got to make sure
that we keep his drug
dealing separate from ours.
Then when we kill that nigga.
we just drop a La Arana card on him.
Yo. I got one better.
We still got Diego's head. right?
We drop that shit in Dre's place.
that gives the Jimenez motive.
That's better. and then we drop
the murder weapon on him. too.
Wait. what the fuck murder weapon?
Tasha said she got rid of the gun.
She told me the same shit.
I'll explain later. all right?
I ain't usually ride dirty like this.
not since I got caught.
thanks to your mom and pop.
I'm a little short on
manpower these days.
Pfft. don't worry about it.
Ghost gonna get his
time sooner or later.
You going to fuck Ghost up?
No. Ghost going to fuck himself up.
He thinking about taking the rap for me
on this whole Ray Ray shit.
I ain't never know Ghost to
roll over like no little bitch.
Motherfucker win. no matter what.
You don't believe that
shit. though. right?
I mean. I don't know. He
seemed real enough about it.
I think he might try to
pin all of it on Dre first.
Now. that do sound like Ghost.
Maybe you can trust that nigga.
Close the trunk.
Let's take this shit
to the "Eye-talians."
and then I want to show you something.
Don't you already have
everything you wanted?
Relax. I'm gonna do you a favor.
Oh. you're gonna do me a favor. really?
After blackmailing me?
That just means we're on the same side.
My advice is that you
distance yourself from Andre.
If you don't. you
won't win the election.
I'm going to need more than
your word. and your spite.
Here's the truth.
I fired Andre.
Because while I was
wrongfully imprisoned.
I suspected he was pushing
drugs through this club.
I was right. and ever
since. your friend. Andre.
has had a vendetta against me.
Why are you telling me this shit now?
Because he's pulling the same tricks
with the Basset Hotel Group.
I can tell because of how
much money they've made
in such a short amount of time.
He's in with some bad people.
and it's going to come
down on him real soon.
which means that if you
don't break ties with him.
he's gonna drag you to the bottom.
What about you. James?
You stick close to me.
And I'll be pulling you
up with me to the top.
Back in the day. me. Tommy. and
your pops used to run this block.
We was around your age.
we was selling crack
a hundred miles an hour up the street.
Until the cops started
to know our faces.
Every time they seen
us. they used to hop out.
run down on us.
Ghost would be gone before we
could even think to run and shit.
See. he-he ain't try to outrun the cops.
He just figured that as long
as he could outrun me and Tommy.
the cops would settle for us.
Nigga always thinking about himself.
Well. it's worked for him so far.
Take these dimes. hit
me when you get them off.
When I get them off?
How the fuck I'm supposed to do that?
- I don't know these people.
- Figure it out.
Don't come back until you do.
Just don't get caught.
All right.
- Hey.
- Congratulations.
Got your law license back.
Ha. appreciate it.
So. hey. uh. yeah. I was
going through old files.
trying to get back up to speed. and...
You know that guard at the MCC
who was giving you a hard time?
Well. he was brutally murdered.
You don't know anything
about that. right?
Good. that's good.
In-in not knowing anything about that.
because I wasn't your
counsel at the time.
There wouldn't have been
any witnesses. would there?
So there's potential exposure?
Could be. Did something happen. Joe?
No. no. I am just doing my job.
which is watching your back.
Well. I appreciate that.
But I do have a question for you.
Let's say I decide to take the rap
for something I didn't do.
What's the collateral damage?
- Care to be more specific?
- I can't be.
Hypothetically. if you turn
yourself in for something.
there is no way the State
is not gonna use that
as an excuse to dig
deeper into your life.
And you already got a big
target on your back. buddy.
And what about the others
who are close to me?
Is this what you were talking
about with Angela and Tasha?
You know what. forget I asked about it.
- No.
- Stupid idea.
James. come on. You can trust me. okay?
I'm watching your back.
The more you tell me.
that's the better I can advise you.
Now. come on. James. you... Let me in.
Thanks. Joe.
Good seeing you.
And then. this guy knocked on
my door and handed this to me.
I'm being asked to appear
on the witness stand in a grand jury.
This is about you and Tariq. right?
No. it's about Ghost.
They think he murdered
the man who killed Raina.
- Did he?
- No. he didn't.
But the man who did is still out there.
and the police aren't going after him.
They're coming after us.
What's your man. Silver.
saying about all this?
- How can he help?
- He can't.
You know the alibi I asked you for?
- For me. Ghost. Tariq...
- Tommy.
Yes.
Well. I need one more.
It's for the person who
we think killed Ray Ray.
Hold up. Tash.
So you're saying you know who
killed Raina's killer. right?
But you're not gonna go to
the cops and tell them that.
You want me to get on the witness stand.
and risk my freedom and my life.
to lie for you instead?
'Keisha. I got you.
You know I would never let that happen.
How is it that you got me?
Have I ever asked you to commit perjury?
Have I ever hijacked your
business to clean drug money?
Even on a basic level. Tash.
Yas been over here a million times.
When's the last time
you laid eyes on Cash?
You know what. you're right.
I admit it. I haven't
been a very good friend.
But I have kept all of my promises.
You know what. if you don't
want to do this for me.
you can just say no.
Lying about the amount of time
y'all was at the penthouse is one thing.
But me lying on somebody
who wasn't even there?
That's something different.
That's a bold-faced lie.
Tommy wasn't there. either.
but you could do it for him.
I can't get justice for Raina.
And I can't protect my family
without your alibi. 'Keisha.
Please.
It's not my problem. Tash.
So you're just gonna send me to jail?
You're gonna send Tommy to jail?
How would you feel about that?
Uh-uh. ain't no way you
got that shit off already.
Scared money don't make
money. Get back out there.
Kids on the corner
copped it all off of me.
This fucking 20 is fake.
How you supposed to be out
there moving weight for me
and you getting beat for the money?
Shit. you hustling backwards.
We losing money.
Oh. that's them.
Yo. spin the block.
- Yo. give me the gun. Come on.
- You want the strap?
Don't forget to put one in the chamber.
Ah. shit.
Give me that shit unless
you want to eat caps.
All right. bro. I'm going to be running.
This little nigga tweaking.
It didn't go as well as planned.
but it worked out. right?
_
You like the son I
never had or some shit.
What about Shawn?
Shawn wasn't build like us. He was weak.
That's why you shot him?
He was disloyal.
Maybe if he was different.
he'd still be alive.
- He made me do that shit.
- He was your son.
I ain't never had no DNA
test. I should have took it.
Look. I loved the kid.
He disappointed me.
You more my son than he ever was.
Don't worry. I'd never do no
grimy shit like that to you.
How could you kill someone you love?
Some niggas say you not
a real killer till you do.
I got to go home.
All right.
I've been waiting an hour.
Well. I couldn't get here earlier.
Too busy planning my departure
as the Basset Hotel Group's
new International General Manager.
I could give a fuck.
Diego is dead. Jason isn't.
You think you can get away with that?
Hold on. first of all...
Kanan killed Diego. Not you.
So it sounds like neither of us
kept our end of the bargain. huh?
Doesn't matter how I did
it. You owe me a body.
I tried to kill Jason. but the
motherfucker didn't show up.
Somebody must have tipped him off.
You know. maybe you
should watch your back.
because someone in your
organization is tripping.
And for the record. I don't
owe you a motherfucking thing.
The only reason why
I'm even talking to you
is to let you. Kanan. and Tommy know
to stop fucking with me
and my crew. you hear me?
And since you killed Diego.
Alicia needs me more than ever.
The streets is mine now. James.
You've come a long way since
you chose me as your mentor
instead of Kanan.
I appreciate the lessons.
But your little mentee...
got to go make some money.
I'll see myself out.
_
Fuck. it's cold out there.
Thank you for coming out all this way.
You know. we... We
got to be more careful.
- You good?
- Yeah. I mean. you know.
These feds. they're lightweights.
You know. they were just sweating me
on how much we've
been seeing each other.
They didn't get dick. But this?
I mean. come on. we got
to get rid of this thing.
It's all that's left that
links you to that dead Fed.
No. I need it for insurance.
There's a recording on there
that could put James
and Tommy away for life.
I'd have to burn myself in doing it.
but I could get immunity in exchange.
I'll probably have to
go into fucking WITSEC.
- Witness protection?
- Yeah.
These guys you work
for. can you trust them?
Here's the thing. I like 'em. I do.
But I never asked to work for them.
They used Lindsay's
problem to strong-arm me
into working for them.
And the Feds. no.
they've been relentless.
They've threatened me.
They've threatened Elisa Marie.
It's just...
I'm having a real hard
time being loyal. Ben.
And it's killing me. you know.
because that is not who I am.
Think they'll be loyal to you?
I think I'm last on
their list of priorities.
He'd pick his girl. Valdes.
over me in a heartbeat.
Tough call.
But I know you'll make the right choice.
Now get this fucking
spy shit out of my hands.
because it makes me nervous.
Hey.
You cool?
Don't let what happened on the
block get to you. little man.
You failed. but you
fixed it. Just never quit.
Look at me. just breaking into my own.
It took me ten years
longer than I wanted to.
but I'm about to be one of
the top distros in the city.
Like Nicky Barnes
around this motherfucker.
because whatever happens. I never quit.
Oh. shit.
That's something else
that ain't never change.
Motherfucking 12 sweating
a nigga for living.
I got that weed on me. K.
Don't pull that shit you
pulled with that security guard.
This the real police. put
that shit under your seat.
At least it's not the
D's in the unmarked car.
Those are the boys that'll
kill you for selling a loosey.
Evening. officer.
Give me your license and registration.
Kid got ID. too?
Give him the ID. reach slow.
Are you doing all right. young man?
Yes. sir.
Mind if we take a look in your trunk?
I ain't got nothing to hide.
I'm going to open the trunk now.
- Tasha.
- What?
I saw you put your gun in
the safe like I told you to.
I need it for Dre. where'd you hide it?
Tasha. where the fuck is the gun?
110. crime to central.
85 me a sector to this location.
Don't sweat that. 'Riq.
Ain't nothing back there.
Although. cops are always
trying to make a point.
Probably sprinkling crack back there
to try and catch me on the charge.
Bad news for them.
I told you. I ain't going back.
I know.
Both of you. step out of the car.
Just do what they say.
I'll give the kid directions.
Come on. get out of the car.
Put your hands on the
hood. No fast moves.
We found a gun in the car.
A 380 Micro Eagle. in the trunk.
That's a bitch gun. I don't
know how that got back there.
_
- What are you laughing at?
- Are you fucking kidding me?
We're a family? You're a family man now?
Tasha. you went behind my back.
You did this shit behind my back!
That's right. I did.
The same way you went
behind my back with Silver.
- Where's the gun?
- With Tariq.
What... Where's Tariq?
- With Kanan.
- With Kanan?
Yes. and the NYPD.
who are arresting him
at this very moment.
Tasha. what the fuck?
The fuck are you thinking. Tash?
Tariq's been reported
missing by his mother.
and you fit the
description. which is why
we pulled you over tonight. okay?
I ain't kidnap his ass. He
here on his own free will.
- Is that true. kid?
- We was riding together.
Let the kid answer.
Tell 'em. 'Riq.
Show them what a real killer look like.
I don't know what he's talking about.
He was my friend. Shawn's father.
I thought I was safe with him.
Are you being held against your will?
Take the kid. man.
All right. come on. let's go.
It's the kid we're looking for.
All right. you're safe now.
It's been a minute
since I've been in cuffs.
Don't make them too tight.
- Stay down!
- Gun. gun!
Was Angela involved in this. too?
We tried to include you. but
you didn't want to listen.
So you both put our son's life at risk.
Tasha. you know Kanan's
not going to go down easy.
I called in a missing persons. okay?
The cops will bring Tariq in.
He'll be in police custody.
He's safe.
- Oh. shit.
- Hands up!
Stay on the ground!
1013. shots fired. 1013!
Drop your weapon. stay on the ground!
Any available units...
No. no. no. please! Please!
Oh. shit. Damn.
Oh. my gosh. Tariq. Are you okay?
What happened?
Yeah. we were wondering the same thing.
Mr. and Mrs. St. Patrick.
we'd like to ask you some questions.
Mrs. St. Patrick. I'd like
to start with you first.
Follow me.
And what exactly was your
relationship with Kanan Stark?
He was a friend of the family.
When was the last time Mr.
Stark was at your house?
Ask LaKeisha Grant. she was there.
Yes. I saw Kanan Stark at the penthouse
during Raina's wake.
Yes. he had opportunity
to steal Tasha's gun.
So. Ray Ray knew...
that I knew about him
stealing from my friends.
So he was after me.
But he ended up killing
my sister instead.
I knew how it all happened.
but I didn't say anything.
I told my Uncle Kanan. but
I didn't tell anyone else.
I was just so scared.
I didn't know what to do.
I'm so sorry. sir. for lying.
I'm sorry.
- Sergeant Rodriguez.
- What are you doing here?
Turns out Raymond Jones
was just another dirty cop on the take.
You were right. this is
way below my pay grade.
I don't have anything to
give you on St. Patrick.
But what I can say is. if
anyone is helping them out...
It's Angela Valdes.
I'm glad you came. Tommy.
I figured you'd want to be here.
Vladimir. Drifty. Rolla.
Then Diego. now Kanan.
He said you'd do this.
He saw you coming.
When's it stop?
How many of my people you plan
on killing without telling me?
I ain't responsible for this. man.
Tasha set this up with Tariq.
You're going to blame your wife and kid?
You really expect me to believe
you ain't have nothing to do with this?
Was that Dre shit just
to keep me out the way?
Ghost. out of all your lies.
this one is the biggest.
This ain't what family does.
Hey. listen to me. man.
Tasha made this call all on her own.
She put our son at
risk. Kanan was the one
that actually helped
me save him. all right?
Come on. man. you can't
think that I actually
had something to do with this.
With you. brother. I
just don't know anymore.
Rest in peace. you tough bastard.
- Synced and corrected by VitoSilans -
-- www.Addic7ed.com --